docs: Kotlin Chat SDK (#496)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/kotlin/chat/usage.md

# Chat SDK

Chat SDK allows E2EE direct messaging between users, using their wallet address.

## Chat Sample App

> We recommend looking at example implementations of Chat Sample at our [Kotlin Github repository](https://github.com/WalletConnect/WalletConnectKotlinV2/tree/develop/chat/sample)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend looking at example implementations of Chat Sample at our [Kotlin Github repository](https://github.com/WalletConnect/WalletConnectKotlinV2/tree/master/chat/sample)
```

> We recommend looking at example implementations of Chat Sample at our [Kotlin Github repository](https://github.com/WalletConnect/WalletConnectKotlinV2/tree/develop/chat/sample)

Author: Not a bad idea to have a nice demo dapp<->wallet demo. Maybe for launch. However, it's not achievable for March 1st.

        // Triggered when a chat thread is left by a peer
    }

    override fun onConnectionStateChange(state: Chat.Model.ConnectionState) {
        //Triggered whenever the connection state with Relay Server is changed
    }

    override fun onError(error: Chat.Model.Error) {
        // Triggered whenever there is an issue inside the SDK
        // I.e failure to subsribe to a topic
    }
}
ChatClient.setChatDelegate(chatDelegate)
```

The ChatClient needs a [`ChatClient.ChatDelegate`](#chatclientchatdelegate) passed to it for it to be able to expose asynchronous updates sent from the other peer.

### Chat.Model.Events

The contents of [`ChatClient.ChatDelegate`](#chatclientchatdelegate) callback functions are of type [`Chat.Model.Events`](#event-structures) for chat specific events and [`Chat.Model.ConnectionState`](#event-structures) or [`Chat.Model.Error`](#event-structures) for Relay Server specific events. 

#### Event Structures
```kotlin
// error of onError(error)
data class Error(val throwable: Throwable) : Model()

// state of onConnectionStateChange(state)
data class ConnectionState(val isAvailable: Boolean) : Model()

sealed class Events : Model() {

>     //onInvite of onInvite(onInvite)

Reviewer 2: //onInvite of onInvite(onInvite)
It's not clear to me. What do you want to address with this comment?

Author: yo dawg I heard you like `onInvite` so I put `onInvite` inside `onInvite`

<img width="408" alt="Screenshot 2023-02-21 at 11 43 28" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23137643/220323404-a667c871-79de-4157-8548-40493ad68538.png">

    data class OnInvite(val invite: Invite.Received) : Events()
    
    //onInviteAccepted of onInviteAccepted(onInviteAccepted)
    data class OnInviteAccepted(val topic: String) : Events()
    
    //onInviteRejected of onInviteRejected(onInviteRejected)
    data class OnInviteRejected(val topic: String) : Events()
    
    //onMessage of onMessage(onMessage)
    data class OnMessage(val message: Message) : Events()
    
    //onLeft of onLeft(onLeft)

>     data class OnLeft(val topic: String) : Events()

Reviewer: instead of saying `variable of function(variable)`, what do you think about saying `corresponds to ChatDelegate.function`?

Author: I like it

    override val inviteeAccount: Type.AccountId,
    override val message: Type.InviteMessage,
    override val inviterPublicKey: String,
    override val inviteePublicKey: String,
    override val status: Type.InviteStatus,
) : Invite
```

#### Message

```kotlin
// Mesage data class from OnMessage event
data class Message(
    val topic: String,
    val message: Type.ChatMessage,
    val authorAccount: Type.AccountId,
    val timestamp: Long,
    val media: Media?,
) : Model()

// Media data class from Message data class
data class Media(
    val type: String,
    val data: Type.MediaData,
) : Model()
```

### Methods

#### Register Identity at a Keyserver

In order to use Chat SDK account must register identity in [Keyserver](https://docs.walletconnect.com/2.0/specs/servers/keys/). To verify ownership over blockchain account when registering identities in [Keyserver](https://docs.walletconnect.com/2.0/specs/servers/keys/) user's must sign message provided on `onSign(message: String)` callback. Currenlty only [`EIP191`](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-191) signatures are supported in [Keyserver](https://docs.walletconnect.com/2.0/specs/servers/keys/)

> <!-- TODO: Chat milestone 2 remove EIP191 signatures only comment -->

Reviewer: should this be removed?

Author: I wanted to leave it there to not forget about changing it in a month or so

##### ChatClient.register
```kotlin

> val params = Chat.Params.Register(account = Chat.Type.AccountId(/*[CAIP-10](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-10.md) compatible accountId*/))

Reviewer: is the comment needed? If so, can we put is above or below the code snippet?

ChatClient.register(params, object : Chat.Listeners.Register {
    override fun onSign(message: String): Chat.Model.Cacao.Signature {
        // Message to be signed. CacaoSigner is a util for easy message signing.
        return CacaoSigner.sign(message, /*privateKey*/, SignatureType.EIP191)
    }
    
    override fun onError(error: Chat.Model.Error) {
        // Error while registering an address
    }

    override fun onSuccess(publicKey: String) {
        // Identity key registered successfully
    }
})
```

> To not be discoverable to everyone set `private` in `Chat.Params.Register` to `true`. If this flag is `true` then only identity is restored in [Keyserver](https://docs.walletconnect.com/2.0/specs/servers/keys/). Parameter `private` is set to `false` by default.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To not be discoverable to everyone, set `private` in `Chat.Params.Register` to `true`. If this flag is `true` then only identity is restored in [Keyserver](https://docs.walletconnect.com/2.0/specs/servers/keys/). Parameter `private` is set to `false` by default.

```

##### Chat.Params.Register with private = false
```kotlin
val params = Chat.Params.Register(account = Chat.Type.AccountId(/*[CAIP-10](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-10.md) compatible accountId*/), private = true)
```

#### Resolve invitee public invite key with blockchain address

> In order to invite someone for a chat converstion, inviter must know invitee public invite key. To resolve a invitee public invite key that is required invite into a chat thread, call [`ChatClient.resolve`](#chatclientresolve) method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to invite someone for a chat converstion, inviter must know invitee public invite key. To resolve a invitee's public invite key that is required to invite into a chat thread, call [`ChatClient.resolve`](#chatclientresolve) method.
```

##### Type.InviteStatus
```kotlin
enum class InviteStatus : Type { 
    PENDING, // Invite that was not yet responded to
    REJECTED, // Invite that was rejected by client
    APPROVED // Invite that was approved by client
}
```

##### Invite.Sent
```kotlin
// Invite.Sent data class
data class Sent(
    override val id: Long,
    override val inviterAccount: Type.AccountId,
    override val inviteeAccount: Type.AccountId,
    override val message: Type.InviteMessage,
    override val inviterPublicKey: String,
    override val inviteePublicKey: String,
    override val status: Type.InviteStatus,
) : Invite
```

##### `ChatClient.getSentInvites`
```kotlin
val params = Chat.Params.GetSentInvites(account = Chat.Type.AccountId(/*[CAIP-10](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-10.md) compatible accountId*/))

val sentInvites: Map<Long, Chat.Model.Invite.Sent> = ChatClient.getSentInvites(params)
```

#### Getting threads

> Clients can fetch all threads for given acconut by calling [`ChatClient.getThreads`](#chatclientgetthreads). [`Model.Thread`](#modelthread) contains data on what topic two account communicate

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Clients can retrieve all threads for a given account by calling the [ChatClient.getThreads](#chatclientgetthreads) method. The [Model.Thread](#modelthread) object contains data on the topic that two accounts are communicating about.
```

> ##### `Model.Thread`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### `Model.Thread`

```

```kotlin
data class Thread(
    val topic: String,
    val selfAccount: Type.AccountId,
    val peerAccount: Type.AccountId,
) : Model()
```

> ##### `ChatClient.getThreads`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### `ChatClient.getThreads`

```

```kotlin
val params = Chat.Params.GetThreads(account = Chat.Type.AccountId(/*[CAIP-10](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-10.md) compatible accountId*/))

val threads: Map<String, Chat.Model.Thread> = ChatClient.getThreads(params)
```

> #### Getting messages

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Getting Messages
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> Clients can fetch all messages for given thread by calling [`ChatClient.getMessages`](#chatclientgetmessages). [`Model.Message`](#modelmessage) contains data neccessary to display a message. [`Model.Media`](#modelmedia) can be attached to message for versatility 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Clients can fetch all messages for given thread by calling [`ChatClient.getMessages`](#chatclientgetmessages). [`Model.Message`](#modelmessage) contains data neccessary to display a message. [`Model.Media`](#modelmedia) can be attached to message for versatility.
```

> ##### `Model.Message`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### `Model.Message`

```

```kotlin
data class Message(
    val topic: String,
    val message: Type.ChatMessage,
    val authorAccount: Type.AccountId,
    val timestamp: Long,
    val media: Media?,
) : Model()
```

> ##### `Model.Media`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### `Model.Media`

```

```kotlin
data class Media(
    val type: String,
    val data: Type.MediaData,
) : Model()
```

> ##### `ChatClient.getMessages`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### `ChatClient.getMessages`

```

```

##### `ChatClient.reject`
```kotlin
val params = Chat.Params.Reject(inviteId = /*Id of invite received onInvite() event in ChatDelegate*/)
ChatClient.reject(params, onError = { error -> /* Error when rejecting */ })
```

Inviter receives invite response on either [`ChatClient.ChatDelegate.onInviteAccepted`](#chatclientchatdelegate) when invitee accepted the invite or on [`ChatClient.ChatDelegate.onInviteRejected`](#chatclientchatdelegate) when invitee rejected the invite. 

#### Sending a Chat Message

After succesful invite inviter and invitee can E2EE direct messages with attached media. To send message call [`ChatClient.message`](#chatclientmessage) method. 

##### `ChatClient.message`

```kotlin
val threadTopic = /*thread topic*/
val message = Chat.Type.ChatMessage(message = /* Message string that's 1000 char limited */)
// Optional media parameter
val media = Chat.Type.Media(type = /* Type of media */, data = /* Media data string that's 500 chat limited */)
val params = Chat.Params.Message(threadTopic, message, media)

ChatClient.message(params) { error -> /* Error while sending a message */ }
```

#### Leaving a Chat Thread

> Calling [`ChatClient.leave](#chatclientleave) with a chat thread topic means no longer receiving chat messages, removal of thread in storage and removal of chat messages on given thread in storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling [`ChatClient.leave](#chatclientleave) with a chat thread topic causes the caller to stop receiving chat messages, removal of thread in storage and removal of chat messages on given thread in storage.
```
